# experimental-ui
Repository for the GTE experimental facilities' data handling and transformation software.

The software is prepared to work with .lvm (in the case of the FTDE-DROP version) and .xlsx (in the 
case of the FTDE-BICO version). Any data generated in other facilities needs to be adapted to these two
formats and their internal data structure, or the code could be rewritten, in order for the 
application to work as intended. The data can be utilized in its entirety, for global graphs, or 
splitted in time intervals in order to focus on a determined section of the total. The time
between readings is 1s for the BICO and 5s for the DROP, and working with more than 1000 data points
is discouraged, given that the script is prone to sluggish behavior and potential crashes when too
much data is loaded. Graphs can be diplayed for up to 2 columns at the same time, in order to be able
to compare the readings. Boxplot displaying allows for up to 2 simultaneous graphs as well, but
together with MDT button their results are much more inaccurate when no time limit is set. 

The "Frankenstein" script's goal is to patch together disjointed data sheets generated in tests that
experienced data acquisition errors during their timespan. This script is also written in accord to the
column distribution generated by the BICO, and will output strange results if applied to other facilities,
thus careful reading and adaptation is recommended. The script will join up to 5 files in a single master file,
establish a single common time frame and take into account any time leaps between files, but does not fill
the blanks with data, only acknowledging the time difference.
